“Hey!” She shouted, tapping my shoulder and greeted me with her - never gets old - smile. It’s Mary, my dearest friend.
“Let’s go to L’ Esperance, they have a promo today.” We have been friends for a long time and that cafe is like our personal cafe now. No matter what day it is, no matter what weeks it is, no matter what season it is, we always go there. There is a cake here she loves so much and everytime we are here, she always orders one. Everytime she eats one, a smile sparks from her face.
But, as time went on, her condition started to get worse. She never told me about it until then. She said that she is afraid that she is just going to make me worried. She said that she got a tumor, but she said that it’s not lethal yet. With proper medication, she’ll be healthy as usual. She said to me that I don’t need to be worried.
But days went on and the fainting and the uncontrollable gag kept on growing more and more frequent. She said once again to me, that I don’t need to be worried. She said that once the operation succeeded, she would be back to her normal self. After all, the tumor isn’t lethal, that’s what she said anyways.
On the day of the operation, I visited her before the operation started and sat beside her. Her hair was shaved bald for the operation and her face looked pale like death.
“Don’t worry, Rin. Everything’s going to be fine after this operation.” She said, once more. I kept silent.
“You know, after this operation, how about I treat you with the cake from L’ Esperance?” She smiled. Even in moments like this, she could always lift up the positivity inside her. I nodded to her.
“Promise?” I asked her.
“Promise.” She said,
But, she never made it. The operation failed. Her tumor turns out to be lethal, very lethal. The doctor said that the tumor could at least have been in her head for years and had developed into cancer. She couldn’t be helped. She is in a better place now. She is no longer here.
“So why? Why am I still here?” The coffee in front of me is getting cold and the cake’s frosting starts to melt.
“Hey!” A familiar voice echoed in front of me.
“Mary?” I cried.
“Thank you, for keeping our promise, Laz.” She said, with her heart-warming smile. Tears flowed from my eyes.
“You’re welcome.” I smiled, as her image faded away.
